https://codepen.io/gregory-poole/pen/OJPwpdV?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
A way to organize html to make it make sense. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        html is used to create web pages

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        a attribute can put a link inside of a tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    A h1 tag is used for a heading 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and img src 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    heading

    7. What is an id? 
    an id creates a selector for CSS

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any tags 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
     you can only use a id once 

    10. What is a class? 
    a class is a descriptor for more than one tag

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    p, div, h1, h2, etc..

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you want 
    \
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    add a blank to your a tag 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    to add text 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    they are just different ways to organize your code

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    put h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be a selector for more than one element an id is just for one element specificly. Could use a class to group together mutiple paragraphs and style them. For and id you would use it for styling one element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    use a period then the name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selcts a element in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    CAPITALS

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cd 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    git-rm and because its permanent 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can go back if there's a bug 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20-30 minutes 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
     1. fork
     2. add collaborators
     3. clone 
     4. add clone to git 
     5. make your edits 
     6. push 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 